doc: add database stats docs (#92)
LennyTaelman/SorryDB: doc/DATABASE.md

The `remote_heads_hash` provides a combined hash of all the commit SHAs of the leaf commits at the time of the last visit. This allows for an efficient check using `git ls-remote` to decide if the repository needs to be cloned for further inspection.

## Database update stats

When updating the database optionally collect statistics on the database update with the `--stats-file` option.

The statistics will be written as JSON with the following format:

- **`<repository_url>`**: The key is the URL of the repository being processed.
  - **`counts`**: An object where each key is a commit hash, and its value is an object with:
    - **`count`**: The number of sorries found in the commit.

>     - **`count_new_proof`**: The number of the sorries found with new proofs, i.e., no other sorry in the database as the same pretty-printed proof text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **`count_new_proof`**: The number of the sorries found with new goals, i.e., no other sorry in the database as the same pretty-printed goal.
```

Author: Good catch. I have also changed the corresponding variable name in the stats JSON.

  - **`new_leaf_commit`**: A boolean indicating whether this repo had new leaf commits.
  - **`start_processing_time`**: The timestamp (ISO 8601 format) when processing for this repository started.
  - **`end_processing_time`**: The timestamp (ISO 8601 format) when processing for this repository ended.
  - **`total_processing_time`**: The total time taken to process this repository, represented as a string.

>   - **`lake_timeout`**: A boolean indicating if there was a `lake build` timeout on this repo.

Reviewer: the example below has `null` as value, should I read this as `False` or does it have another interpretation?

Author: I should be more explicit here. 

Currently, a `null` value for any field in the stats JSON means, "this field wasn't deliberately set by the updater". My thinking was that this could be useful in debugging. The `lake_timeout` field isn't set at all until #91. (And I realized I never set it to `False` in that PR, so I will fix that)

Author: There is definitely  room for improvement in how these stats are represented. I implemented a quick and dirty version to help with understanding the database updates.

Author: Added a note about `null` values.
